Remove Cairo 2.7.0 support (#2973)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: CHANGELOG.md

#### Changed

- It is now required to include the `#[fuzzer]` attribute for fuzz tests to work

> - Removed support for Cairo `2.7.0`. Scarb `2.8.5` is now the minimal recommended version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scarb `2.8.5` is now the minimal recommended version. Using Starknet Foundry with versions below it is no longer officially supported and may not work.
```
